<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
rss version ="2.0">
<channel>
<title>Chocolate cremeux with Citrus gelee</title>
<item>
<title>Chocolate cremeux with Citrus gelee</title>
<description>

Some desserts are crowd pleasers and one of these is without a doubt chocolate cremeux. The creamy smooth texture is like no other and most people find it simply irresistible. One of the things I keep in mind when I prepare chocolate cremeux is that it is indeed rich and therefore I combine it with other elements that will cut this richness. We all know that every dessert should have balance to ensure that consuming it is true pleasure.
To create balance in this particular dessert, I selected an agrumes or citrus gelée since it is not only delectable by itself but it also pairs wonderful with chocolate. Ruby red grapefruit is one of the fruits I love to mix in a citrus gelée since I much adore its floral attributes. Even though grapefruit is delicious it can be a difficult one to harmonize into a dessert.

In a way cremeux and citrus gelée do not necessarily require much in term of other textures. A little tease is really all what’s needed. For the strip of marshmallow I used the orange marshmallow recipe from On Baking, but the lime marshmallow recipe I have on my site is an equal contender. Pop a little streusel or crumble in the glass and you are done!
Assembly!
Once you made the cremeux allow it to cool until lukewarm before pouring it in the glasses. Pouring it still warm will create a skin and covering the glass with plastic food wrap may create a steamy water drop filled glass. Allow 2 hours of chilling in a refrigerator before you tilt the glasses and fill it with the gelée agrumes. The gelée needs to be below room temperature before being filled in the glasses or it will melt the upper layer of the cremeux. A marble effect is not part of the look!
For optimum creaminess cremeux it is best served not straight from the refrigerator.  In a restaurant situation get the chill out by placing it in a low setting microwave for a few seconds. At home remove it from the refrigerator 30 minutes or so before serving.

Chocolate crémeux
Yield:  up to 6 servings



½ Cup
(4 oz)
Heavy Cream
120 g


1Cup
(8 oz)
Milk
240 g


3
(3)
Egg yolk
3


5 Tablespoons
(2.5 oz)
Extra fine granulated sugar
75 g


6 oz
(6 oz)
Callebaut 835 NV
180 g




Follow the method and temperatures closely to obtain a perfect smooth result.
Bring the cream, milk and about half of sugar to a boil in a small saucepan. Meanwhile in a bowl, whisk the egg yolk smooth and very rapidly whisk in the remaining sugar. Make sure no egg yolk and sugar lumps are still visible.
Pour a quarter of the boiling milk into the egg yolk mixture and whisk quickly. Pour the tempered egg mixture into the heated milk and on low heat stir the mixture to 183⁰F (81⁰C) while CONSTANTLY stirring using a rubber spatula. Remove from heat and pour into another bowl to stop the cooking process.
Add the chocolate and using an immersion blender or whisk make the mixture smooth. Allow to cool until lukewarm before pouring into glasses. Place in a refrigerator.


Citrus gelée – gelée agrumes
Yield: 6 servings



¼ Cup
(2 oz)
Lime juice
60 g


¼ Cup
(2 oz)
Lemon juice
60 g


¾ Cup
(6 oz)
Ruby Red grapefruit juice
180 g


5 Tablespoons
(2.5 oz)
Extra fine granulated sugar
75 g


2
(2)
Gelatin sheets
2








2 teaspoon
(2 tsp)
Mandarine Napoléon liquor
10 ml






































































In a sauté pan bring the citrus juices and sugar to a boil. Remove from heat and let cool to below 180°F (80°C). Meanwhile bloom the gelatin sheets (Place in ice cold water for 5 minutes)
Squeeze the gelatin sheets to remove water and add to above mixture. Add the liquor.
Let cool to slightly below 70°F (20°C) and pour into the cremeux filled glasses.
Allow to set before serving.

</description>
</item>
</channel>
</rss>
