<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
rss version ="2.0">
<channel>
<title>Red Grapefruit Marmalade</title>
<item>
<title>Red Grapefruit Marmalade</title>
<description>

It‘s no wonder that the botanical name for grapefruit is Citrus Paradisi. The scent, the flavor, the cholesterol lowering properties and the endless list of healthy attributes make it a fruit straight from paradise indeed.
Grapefruit is one of the fruits I love to use in desserts since it brings an unmatched flavor to countless desserts. The juxtaposition of sweet and tart in desserts is high on my list of importance and grapefruit is one that delivers. Rose, ginger, mango , Grand Marnier and certainly chocolate can be wonderful pairings with grapefruit.
Whenever I use citrus peel such as for grapefruit marmalade, I only use organic non treated grapefruits. I still do not know if conventional treated citrus fruit is ok to use, but I do know that they are treated with chemicals and often times lac resins. It is just not the type of thing I like to feed my wonderful engine. If anyone has scientific non partisan data on whether using non organic citrus peel is safe to use, I would really love to hear.



For many, marmalades or jams can be a little scary since they may not set if not properly prepared. For success it is important to stay with the listed recipe as the ingredients and their ratio play a vital role. If for example the sugar is reduced then the cooking time will increase resulting in cooked flavor. (Although I must say, for certain jams or marmalades I do reduce the sugar and I obtain proper setting by using additional pectin.) Certain fruits, such as the citrus family contain a good amount of the setting agent pectin, which naturally plays a very important role. Some fruit such as strawberries contain little pectin. For such fruit, specific cooking methods and or pectin additions are necessary for brilliant results. For many of my marmalades I like to make my easy to make “pectin cocktail” by simply simmering some non peeled Granny Smith apples in water. Once the apples are super tender I mash them and pour in a fine mesh sieve. The obtained juice is what I use to assist the gelling of my marmalades.
Getting It All Together!
Combining the peel, segments, sugar, apple juice and lemon juice has to be done a day before cooking the marmalade. This will ensure a pleasant (not too hard) peel and a perfect setting marmalade.

Grapefruit marmalade




24 oz
Grapefruit, organic
720 g



16 oz
Extra fine Granulated sugar
480 g



1 oz
Lemon juice
30 g



2 oz
Apple juice, see recipe below
60 g
























































































Wash and peel the grapefruit with a vegetable peeler. Cut the peel into small pieces.
With a sharp knife cut away all the white part exposing the flesh. Cut along each membrane to remove the segments.  Cut the segments into 4 pieces. Combine the chopped peel and segments. Scale to obtain 1 lb (480 g)
Place in a non reactive bowl and add the lemon juice and apple juice cover with plastic food wrap and store in the refrigerator for 12-24 hours.
Bring the mixture to a boil and then turn to simmer for 10 minutes. Remove from heat and pour thru a chinois or fine sieve. Do not throw away the fruit meat or the liquid! Set aside the fruit meat.
Combine liquid and sugar and boil without stirring to 230°F (110°C), at this temperature add the fruit meat and bring to a simmer. Stir to 224.5°F (107°C).  Remove from heat.
Pour in sterilized jars and cover using your preferred method.


Pectin rich apple juice for marmalade and Jam preparations
Yield: 5 oz (150 ml)




8 oz
Granny smith apple, organic
8 oz



12 oz
Water
360 g




































































































Wash the apple, without peeling cut in 8 segments and place in a small saucepan.
Cover with water and simmer on low heat for 25 minutes.
Mash the apples using a potato masher.
Pour the puree into a chinois or fine meshed sieve and allow the juice to drip out the puree without stirring.
Freeze any unused juice for other uses.



This article: How to make grapefruit marmalade
</description>
</item>
</channel>
</rss>
