http://www.wikiwirral.co.uk/menu/advertising/



WikiWirral : Advertising




















WikiWirral.co.uk
 



Home
T & C
Contact Us
About Us
Follow Us


 


Advertising  : WikiWirral

About WikiWirral Advertising.
WikiWirral has been Online serving the Wirral and Merseyside for over 10 years. We have become a house hold brand that over 10,500 members trust. We do claim to have the largest Wirral online forum with over 4,500 unique visitors every day, 38,000 page veiws every day, which translates into over 1 million page views every month. We are very proactive with new business  working hard to keep advertising affordable to you. Get your business, organisation, charity seen by local people today. Take out a advertising banner, or a Business Listing with us and get your name out into the local community. Advertising with us can increase web traffic to your Web Site, Facebook or Twitter. We have over 500 search engines crawling our website every day. This can increase you rankings with google and others. Advertise your Social Media Networks and get more people following you. Local to Wirral and Merseyside your customers are local too. Any questions, please give mark a call and he will be happy to answer any queries you may have. Contact details at the bottom of this page.

* Special Offer : 12 Months advertising banner 600 x 90 for only £20 for the whole year. Limited slots available, its a fantastic opportunity to get your business name into the community. You can also include a click link to your own web site or subscribe to our business listings and promote more of your services to our members and the public. We are local to you and your customers. We can upgrade the 600x90 banner to a 720x90 banner for an upgrade fee of £10. More traffic to your website, more people following you on facebook or twitter, Include your solcial media links in your advert. Get your business name out there, we have over 500 search engines crawling WikiWirrall every day. Your banner can increase your rankings with google and other search providers. If you see the advert its available if its gone its gone. You can find them in a seleced forums or between the 1st and 2nd posts in selected forums. Send us a e-mail or give us a call for more details, see the bottom of this page for contact details..
About WikiWirral
  WikiWirral has been running for over 10 years now, we are an establish house hold brand on the Wirral, Merseyside, reaching a national and global audience. We claim to have the largest Wirral based on-line community with over 10,500 Members. 
The Numbers That Count
   We average between 150 and 200 New Members Every Month. With Over 4,500 unique visits and 38,000 Page Views each day, That's over 1 Million pages viewed per month. We use Google Analytics to analyse our numbers. Which is industry standard to those who want to compare site to site demographics. We are with out a doubt the most cost effect advertising platform. This is a Snap Shot showing the numbers our Advertisers request.
 
Premium Banners !
  We have over 50 forums with banner advertising opportunities. These are great due to there impact immediately with readers. Your banner can appear between the 1st and 2nd post of any running topic or in the forum Introduction. Our Prices for this premium banners varies from £30+ per year. Find a Forum that you would like to advertise in and we can give you a price. No exit fee's penalties and No hassle. 
    Pick your spot and we can do our best to make it happen. 

Example Banner Size : 720 x 90px


Local Business & Services Listing (Within our forums)
  Listings for 12months are only £40 per year. This would be for one Advert (Topic) in Our advertising Forum Click Me. Reaching local people and local business a like. You stay in control of your advertising campaign and costs, and you can cancel at any time. If you decide to leave us; No Exit Fee's, No Penalties, Just No Hassle. You pay one in advance with pay pal, its that simple. Link to your own web site and let Google indexing you into there rankings. *Your advert will also cycle randomly on to the Main Home page of our forms and appear in all non subscribed forums as a link. This is a huge amount of coverage for just a small fee.  Add Text, Images, Videos linked from you-tube. Its like a mini web page of its own. When you advertise with us you can amend, update, change, redo your advert. Put your website in your topic, you can then have a live page. Your changes will translate directly to us. Did we mention No Set up Fees ?  Its easy to get noticed, give us a call and we can help you decide what is right for you. * Ask about making your Topic Sticky and Get it Noticed!!

Included Free Extra Feature Business Listings.
On the Forum Home page we have a "Advertise You" this is Not part of your Advertising Package but a feature we have enabled that randomly displays a advertisers details for a given period. in between posts 1 - 2 of a forum topic the same random feature appears to show advertisers listed in the local business section. These are extras not linked to any packages.. We are always looking at ways we can get you noticed around all forums You are paying for a advert in the advertising forum only. With over 500 search engines crawling the information from wikiwirral every day this will get your web site indexed in more places. And increase your Google Rankings.
3rd Party Advertising Budgets 
  Newspaper 
        Liverpool Echo Full Page £7,960 Half Page £3,980
        Liverpool Daily Post Full Page £2,902 Half Page £1,451
        Daily Post (All) Full Page £4,042 Half Page £2,70
        Wirral News (All) Full Page £4,042 Half Page £2,021
        Chester Chronical Full Page £2,972 Half Page £1,443
        Prices Source Click Me *Above Prices Correct 2012

3rd Party Additional Costs Estimated
  Basic Web site £150
  Leaflets £250 x10,000 A5
  Brochures £500 x500 8 page A4
  Posters £15 x 20 A4
  Van Stickers £4 - £400
  Badges & Pens £50 

WikiWirral Advertising Budget £20 
  Special Offer on Advertising banners, grab them while they last 12 months £20.
WikiWirral Advertising Budget £20
  We have premium Advertings banners availible for £30 for 12 Months. 
WikiWirral Advertising Budget £40 
  We have premium advertising banners availible. £40 for 12 months.
  Business & Services directory £40 for 12 Months.
Footer advertising banner £40.50 per Week. High Visibility 38,000 views per day.
We  can create and update your business listings page, change the advertisement as and when. reaching your target audience. Think about the mobile phone and internet access your there. No need for web site fees, printing fees or fees for changes. No exit fee's No penalties, No hassles.. Visible to the Public, indexed by google and many others, we have over 500 search engines indexing our forums each day including your advert. Link to your web site, include google maps and street view. Include a video from you tube with your services. We can mirror your web site so you are in control of all the changes. A fantastic offer for any business. Discounts available on long term subscriptions. 
  One Price And No Worries £40 for 12 Months.

Please Call  Mark : 077 8489 6802 to discuss your opportunities.
  Visit Our Advertising Forum Click Me
  Or Use our Contact us Email at the top of this page.
Premium Banners !
  We have over 50 forums with banner advertising opportunities. These are great due to there impact immediately with readers. Your banner can appear between the 1st and 2nd post of any running topic or in the forum Introduction. Our Prices for this premium banners varies from £40+ per year upwards. Find a Forum that you would like to advertise in and we can give you a price. No exit fee's penalties and No hassle. 
    Pick your spot and we can do our best to make it happen. 

Example Banner Size : 720 x 90px


Think Even Bigger ! Business Launch ! Big Event !
The Big One, this is the forum footer, This footer is displayed on every page viewed by visitors and members. This is larger than the inline banner image, reaching anyone and everyone who visits WikiWirral regardless of its content. This footer banner is our premium advertising's Option. fantastic for New Business Start up as getting your name out there is key to anyone's success. From this banner anyone can click and land on your web site giving you the maximum impact with only one click. This premium service is from £40.95 per week. With over 3,000 - 6,000 Visitors Per day,  and 38,000 page views per day. This is maximum exposure for a minimal cost. We do not charge a Set up fee if you provide us with the art work.

Example Banner Size : 720 x 90px


The Very Basics – The Google Analytics Results
  Google Analytics is web code we put on our web pages and google records the visits and  other statistical data that we can present to you. Google Analytics is a trusted source for these results and because its industry standard its easy to compare web site to web site. You can see for your self just how popular and successful Wikiwirral has become. 

"No Set up Fees” 
                We don't charge them. If you can do your own art work pass it over and we can take it from there. Prepare your Advert in Word or Note Pad and we can take care of the rest. We may charge for customising images for you but that is all up front. Normally your requirements will be basic and then there would be no charge.

* Advert Changes
Normally no charge, in our experience advertisers only need a few tweaks now and then. If you require more help then we may charge, but with any charges there up front..
Thank you for Reading.
To get the ball rolling please contact us or TEL :077 8489 6802

Active Trader Account Guidelines Click Me







* Terms and Conditions Do Apply



 



//<![CDATA[
  cookieControl({
      introText:"<p>If you continue without changing your settings, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on wikiwirral website. <a href='http://www.wikiwirral.co.uk/cookies/'>Disclaimer.</a></p>",
      fullText:"<p>We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. Cookies Do Not Harm Your Device they store very simple information. However, if you would like to, you can change your cookie settings at any time <a href='http://www.wikiwirral.co.uk/cookies/'>Disclaimer.</a></p>",
      position:'left', // left or right
      shape:'triangle', // triangle or diamond
      theme:'dark', // light or dark
      startOpen:true,
      autoHide:6000,
      subdomains:false,
      protectedCookies: [], //list the cookies you do not want deleted ['analytics', 'twitter']
      consentModel:'information_only',
      onAccept:function(){ccAddAnalytics()},
      onReady:function(){},
      onCookiesAllowed:function(){ccAddAnalytics()},
      onCookiesNotAllowed:function(){},
      countries:'United Kingdom,Netherlands' // Or supply a list ['United Kingdom', 'Greece']
      });

      function ccAddAnalytics() {
        jQuery.getScript("http://www.google-analytics.com/ga.js", function() {
          var GATracker = _gat._createTracker('UA-33016794-1');
          GATracker._trackPageview();
        });
      }
   //]]>



