https://blockchain.info/wallet




Bitcoin Wallet - Be Your Own Bank - Blockchain.info





        #slidedeck_frame {
            width: 901px;
            height: 300px;
            margin:0 auto;
        }

        .navbar {
            margin-bottom:0px;
        }
        h3 {
            padding-bottom:2px;
        }
    








Home
Charts
Stats
Markets
API
Wallet




English



Deutschहिन्दीNorskРусскийPortuguêsбългарски езикFrançais汉语MagyarSlovenščinaBahasa IndonesiaSvenska한국어ΕλληνικάEnglishItalianoEspañolTiếngภาษาไทย日本語PolskiDanskRomânăNederlandsTürkçe










New Users
Creating a new bitcoin wallet takes literally a few seconds. You will be able to send and receive payments immediately.


Existing Users
If you have previously created a My Wallet account click below to login.


Help And Support
Please consult the FAQ for commonly asked questions. For any problems with the site, please contact us.




Start A New Wallet


Login Now


Support Pages






My Wallet Be Your Own Bank.

				Confused? Read the Beginners FAQ - How It Works






My Wallet is a free online bitcoin wallet, which you can use to make worldwide payments for free. We make paying with bitcoins easy and secure available anywhere on your phone or desktop.
            

                We are not a bank; you retain complete ownership of your Money. We cannot view your balance, see your transactions or make payments on your behalf.
            

Create My Free Wallet   
                Try A Demo Account



By 2015, cash could be looking like an endangered species
techradar.com


                Already using Bitcoin? Import your wallet.
            







        Free. Open Source. $ 60,871,774,017.00 Successfully Transacted.
    


Mobile Support
Mobile SupportOur web interface supports all popular mobile devices including Android, iPhone and iPad. If your phone is lost or stolen your wallet will still be safely backed up on our servers.
Double Encryption
Double EncryptionBefore your bitcoin wallet is saved on our servers, it is AES 256 Bit encrypted in your browser. Your password is never shared with us so not even we can open your wallet. Not only that, but your wallet can be optionally encrypted again with a second password requiring one password to login and a separate password to make transactions. If that is not enough we also support a variety of two-factor authentication methods.
One Click Backups
One Click BackupsWe make every effort to keep your wallet safely backed up. However, there is no substitution for having a backup on your own PC. At a touch of a button, you can have your encrypted wallet emailed to you, saved to your dropbox account or saved locally. Then even if blockchain.info suffers data loss or goes offline for you can still access your funds.
Payment Notifications
Payment NotificationsReceive Notifications whenever a payment is sent or received from your bitcoin wallet. The average delay for payment notifications is less than 50ms. If you receive a payment while logged into My Wallet a sound will play and the interface will instantaneously update without needing a page reload. 
Charts & Analytics
Charts & AnalyticsGenerate charts and reports for recent bitcoin transactions. View your account balance over time, number of transactions and revenue per day. 




 Secure
Blockchain.info uses industry standard AES encryption to protect your wallet from thieves and hackers. The amazing part is the encryption is all done within your browser, before it is saved on our servers, so not even we have access to your account!
My Wallet builds on the security of bitcoin by providing a host of features to help you keep your money safe including Paper Wallets, Offline Transactions, https:// and Remote Backups.


 Easy To Use

                Using My Wallet is no different to using PayPal or online banking. Upon login you will presented with your Balance and a list of your recent transactions
            

    



 Retain Control
The beauty of bitcoin is that it's fully decentralized, no government or corporation can block payments or revoke accounts.
With My Wallet you retain full control of your private key meaning wallets can never be seized or blocked and can be imported into any desktop bitcoin client. Read How It Works.




 Feature Rich
The most advanced online bitcoin wallet available.

Free, No Fees
Two Factor Authentication
Secure Client Side Encryption
Live Updating Interface
Ability to make your own backups.
Import / Export Private keys.
SMS & Email Payment notifications

View a full list of features


 Instant Deposits
Deposit Bitcoins directly into your My Wallet account in seconds thanks to our partners, via Bank Transfer, Cash Deposit, and more. Available in the US, UK and 100's of other countries worldwide.


 Worldwide Merchants
1000's of Merchants already accept bitcoin worldwide with new ones joining every day. Everything from Online Poker to Organic Coffee you name it you can buy it with bitcoins.
A full list of bitcoin merchants can be found on the official wiki


























